Add (most of) the ODRI Coding Guidelines (#4)
intelligent-soft-robots/pam_documentation: doc/E2_guidelines.md

*int32_t*, *uint32_t*, *int16_t*, ...
They should be preferred over the build-in types int, unsigned, short, ...
To use them add the following include:

    #include <stdint>

## Merging to master/main branch

Once the code on the branch you are working on is ready, you request for it to
be merged with the master branch.

### Before opening a pull request

Before you create a pull request (or at least before you assign reviewers):
- Rebase your branch on the latest master/main to make sure there have been no
  conflicting changes in the meantime.
- Remove any debug code or commented code that is not needed anymore.
- Test all new features and also existing ones if they are affected by your
  change.  Unit tests are great for this!
- Document new features and update existing documentation if something changed.
- Add new unit tests and demos where appropriate.
- Run the auto-formatting tools on all new/modified files (see above).

### Creating a pull request

- Visit the repository on GitHub,
- click on the link "Pull requests",
- create a new pull request, assign yourself and select reviewers using the web
  interface,
- select an appropriate label.

> It is good manner to squash all the commits of the branch before a code review (see below), as this makes the work of the reviewer easier. See for example these [instructions](http://gitready.com/advanced/2009/02/10/squashing-commits-with-rebase.html).

Author: How does this actually make reviewing easier?  I would rather suggest that sometimes it can help to have separate commits that can be reviewed one by one (however, in this case, it should probably rather be separate PRs).

Reviewer: Ideally one push request should be about the change/improvement of only one feature, so having only one commit would make sense. 
On my side I typically push on the branch on my desktop in order to keep working on my laptop (or the opposite), and having related commit is just noise for the reviewer.
But maybe that should be more of a case by case issue that a general rule.
We can rephrase:

"When relevant, it is good manner ..."

Author: I see your point.  How about this?

```suggestion
It is good manner to squash commits that logically belong together (e.g. multiple small changes on the same part of code) before a code review (see below), as this makes the work of the reviewer easier and leads to a cleaner git history. See for example these [instructions](http://gitready.com/advanced/2009/02/10/squashing-commits-with-rebase.html).
```

Reviewer: +1
